Consolidate NetServer config (#164)
SuperOfficeDocs/superoffice-docs: docs/automation/netserver-scripting/configure.md

* The timeout limit is how much time is allowed on synchronous scripts. Asynchronous scripts are not affected by the limit.
* The Script violation limit is the number of times a script can violate the time limit before being disabled.

> The *SoAppConfig.exe* utility will use the [Scripting section][1] of the NetServer configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *SoAppConfig.exe* utility sets the [Scripting section][1] of the NetServer configuration.
```

Author: fixed
